Ptime — POSIX time for OCaml
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Release %%VERSION%%

Ptime has platform independent POSIX time support in pure OCaml. It
provides a type to represent a well-defined range of POSIX timestamps
with picosecond precision, conversion with date-time values,
conversion with [RFC 3339 timestamps][1] and pretty printing to a
human-readable, locale-independent representation.

The additional Ptime_clock library provides access to a system POSIX
clock and to the system's current timezone offset.

Ptime is not a calendar library.

Ptime depends on the `result` compatibility package. Ptime_clock
depends on your system library. Ptime_clock's optional JavaScript
support depends on [js_of_ocaml][2]. Ptime and its libraries are
distributed under the BSD3 license.

[1]: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339
[2]: http://ocsigen.org/js_of_ocaml/

Home page: http://erratique.ch/software/ptime  
Contact: Daniel Bünzli `<daniel.buenzl i@erratique.ch>`

## Installation

Ptime can be installed with `opam`:

    opam install ptime
    opam install js_of_ocaml ptime  # ptime with jsoo support

If you don't use `opam` consult the [`opam`](opam) file for build
instructions.

## Documentation

The documentation and API reference is automatically generated by
`ocamldoc` from the interfaces. It can be consulted [online][5]
and there is a generated version in the `doc` directory of the
distribution.

[5]: http://erratique.ch/software/ptime/doc/

## Sample programs

If you installed Ptime with `opam` sample programs are located in
the directory `opam config var ptime:doc`.

In the distribution sample programs are located in the `test`
directory of the distribution. They can be built with:

    ocamlbuild -use-ocamlfind test/tests.otarget

The resulting binaries are in `_build/test`.

- `test.native` tests the library, nothing should fail.
- `test_unix.native` tests the library against the results
   of `Unix.gmtime`. Invoke with `--help` for more informations.
